Ahhh
Are you alright, Qin Feng?
I think you are completely crazy
See the first military order
No one is allowed to drop the fuck
This is it.
The commander card was handed over to me by the whole army.
He has dropped him.
So forward
Hu insulted my uncle is a capital crime
If Lord Xuanquan asks about this
What can I do?
Don't worry, sister.
I will explain it clearly to Lord Metaphysics
It's none of your business.
It was this lunatic who seduced the teacher
He gave me his oral beauty book.
How to be obedient
Are you going to impersonate Qin Jun?
Haha pretend
Why should I pretend?
Since you want to die yourself
Then we will become
full
Manager Wang informed Xuanquan
He said that someone was impersonating the Qin army
I will destroy you
Ask him to come and apologize
It's Qin Feng
I didn't expect you to die
Humiliate the Qing army
You are the only one in the Qing army
No one has come since.
Xuan Xuan and the two personally taught you
He Tu, tell me first that this is only given by you
Just bold
Wait for Lord Xuanxian to come
We will marry you and ask the Qing army to go to the head
cross me
Your three major families
Bah